We're gonna do the action
creator pattern here.
We you don't have to do it this way.
I think it's just helpful at least for me.
So I want you to make another
directory called action creators.
So when you dispatch these actions,
just like we were talking about,
they have to be of like
a particular shape, right?
Where it has to have a type and
a payload and all that kind of stuff.
People will just craft those objects on
the fly, which can be kind of annoying.
If you make an action creator, it's just
a function that takes in a payload and
returns a well-shaped object.
So there are little helper functions.
And I'll say that I see a lot
of people do it this way.
So you can either make
one actionCreators.js and
export a bunch of times.
That's totally valid or you can do
this where you're just gonna make
a directory that has a bunch of individual
JavaScript files that are very short.
So let's do changeTheme.js.
All you're gonna do is export
a default function here
called changeTheme,
that takes in a theme parameter,
and returns a well formed
object of CHANGE_THEME.
And its payload is theme.
So it's just a three liner.
So again,
instead of making an action creator here,
you could just craft this object
every single time that you need to.
It's up to you if you find
that offensive or not.
You can have action creators
that maybe do a little bit more.
I wouldn't really imagine that they
would do too much more, but you could.
Okay, and so we're gonna go make
a bunch of those too, right?
So we're gonna create one
called changeAnimal.js.
It's gonna look really similar,
changeAnimal, animal, CHANGE_ANIMAL.
The big win here is that you don't
have to remember the type, and
you're never gonna fat finger
what this very special string is.
Okay, we'll make another one for
breed, changeBreed.js.
Breed, breed, breed, Breed,
and breed, Okay?
And then you guessed it, changeLocation.
As you can see here,
I'm showing you one way of doing this.
There's a lot of people with a lot of
opinions about what's the correct way to
write Redux.
And I'll let you argue with them cuz
I'm very sick of arguing with them over
the years.
Basically, of all the patterns that I saw,
here's the most common one I saw emerge.
Okay, so one more thing here.
In previous versions of this course,
I think V4 is the last time I taught this.
I actually did show you how to do
Redux Thunk and how to do async.
Instead of dispensing an action here,
you dispense or dispatch.
You dispatch a function to Redux, and
Redux would run a function for you to do
all the async thing, which would then
later dispatch a function to the store.
But we're not gonna do that today.
Yeah, Mark.
>> Dispatch will run through
all reducers in order, correct?
>> That's a good question.
What order does combine reducers go in?
Well, one, your code, not only should it
not care what order it goes in, it can't.
It can't because all these functions
need to have no side effects and
not care about the environment
that they're running.
So if you depend on an order being
correct, you're not doing Redux correctly,
and you're gonna have
bugs arise from that.
However, I'm pretty sure that that
assumption is technically correct,
that whatever order you put them in
should be the order that it runs in.
But it's also, I think, dependent on
the JavaScript engine that's running it.
I think according to spec,
if you call object.keys on something,
I don't think it has to be the back
in the order that it was set in.
You'd have to read the spec at that point,
cuz now,
we're really into the find
details of how JavaScript works.
But certainly, I'll say this.
Some engines don't respect it,
whether or not they should.
Probably, all modern engines would.
Cause a lot of mismatched information.
The key underlying message there
is don't depend on an order.
In case you're wondering there, I think
they're referring to this order here.
So location would be called first,
then breed, then animal, then theme.